Hello and welcome back to the course on deep learning to do it just to quickly cover all of the variations
of long term memory architectures.
I think it's important so that you released aware that there are other alternatives to the Ellis Tim
version that we looked at and that you might encounter them sometime in your work.
So here is the standard LACMA which we discussed it should be it should be pretty comfortable fit by
now.
And now let's have a look at a couple of variations some variations.
One is when you add peepholes.
So I'm going to go back again so you see these lines are added connecting these sigmoid activation functions
or these layer neural network layer operations additional input is being provided it's information about
the current state of the memory cell.
And that basically allows kind of like a Is that's what's called peephole allowance allows these decisions
about the valves to be made with taking into account what is actually sitting there in the memory.
Verification number two is when you take these two valves The Forget valve and the memory valve and
you connect them.
So let's go back instead of having a separate decision for the memory valve.
Now you have a combined decision for the forget forgetful and the memory valve and basically when whenever
you add something into memory so whenever you close the memory off when ever this is zero this becomes
the opposite one month zero becomes a 1 so you have to put something in.
If you put this if you make it a one or close to one it becomes zero and therefore you don't put anything
in here.
You just keep the old memory.
So it just makes sense to combine them sometimes.
And then another modification a very popular modification called the good recurring units G.R. use for
short.
They what they do is they completely get rid of the C pipeline as you can see the memory problem and
they replace it with the H which is the hidden pipeline which we had before at the bottom.
They just combined basically the two.
So now instead of having two separate values one for the memory and one for the hidden state.
Now you have one and make it simplifies things so it's probably a bit less flexible but in terms of
how many things are being controlled and monitored there there's actually less.
And and that's it.
And that's this is harder to get a recurring unit works as you can see it might look a bit more can
do but in reality it's a bit simpler you only have you know this this valve.
Then you have another valve here another valve here but these two are currently connected as well.
So this is in essence the get recurring unit.
The concept behind it is to get rid of the memory cell and just have this one pipeline going through
there that takes care of everything.
So there we go.
That's the three Alycia variations.
There's there's lots more other ones.
A good paper to check out is called LSD him a search space odyssey by Claus graph and others 2015.
So there they compared quite a few different LACMA you might like this research that they did.
So there you go.
That's a short intro into the alternative architectures of the LS team and I look forward to seeing
you next time.
Until then enjoy deep learning.